Replace link to local file with link to github (#101)
key4hep/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv: doc/LCIO2EDM4hep.md

## Subtle differences between LCIO and EDM4hep
There are a few small differences between LCIO and EDM4hep that shine through in the conversion, these are:

> - `CaloHitContributions` are part of the SimCalorimeterHits in LCIO while being their own data type in EDM4hep. They are created by [`createCaloHitContributions`](https://github.com/m-fila/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/blob/main/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CaloHitContributions` are part of the SimCalorimeterHits in LCIO while being their own data type in EDM4hep. They are created by [`createCaloHitContributions`](https://github.com/key4hep/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/blob/main/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h).
```

Author: Thanks a lot :see_no_evil:

> - The event information like an event number is part of the `LCEvent` in LCIO. In EDM4hep there is a separate  EventHeader Collection. It can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](https://github.com/m-fila/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/blob/main/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which is stored under the name `"EventHeader"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The event information like an event number is part of the `LCEvent` in LCIO. In EDM4hep there is a separate  EventHeader Collection. It can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](https://github.com/key4hep/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/blob/main/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which is stored under the name `"EventHeader"`.
```

> - The event information like an event number is part of the `LCEvent` in LCIO. In EDM4hep there is a separate  EventHeader Collection. It can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](https://github.com/key4hep/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/blob/main/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which is stored under the name `"EventHeader"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The event information like an event number is part of the `LCEvent` in LCIO. In EDM4hep there is a separate EventHeader Collection. It can be created using [`EventHeaderCollection`](https://github.com/key4hep/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/blob/main/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/include/k4EDM4hep2LcioConv/k4Lcio2EDM4hepConv.h) which is stored under the name `"EventHeader"`.
```
